your business you've built it well it's
a growing little enterprise but perhaps
it's ready for a new team member one who
will pick up the pace boost the bottom
line and bring your burgeoning business
some bang for its buck meet the new HP
laserjet enterprise 500 color printer
model 551 it's up for the job it shows
up ready to work it's easy to set up and
ships with a complete set of cartridges
on average nearly two times the toner of
leading competitors so you get plugin
print productivity right out of the box
it's got mad interactive skills with a
four line color display walk up USB
printing and hardware integration pocket
that enables secure access control and
other third-party solutions it's
digitally savvy with HP ePrint for an
effortless remote printing experience
that lets you print from virtually
anywhere right from your smartphone or
other mobile device in the office across
town or around the world big jobs no
problem with printing speeds up to 33
pages per minute and increased input
capacity of up to 1,100 sheets and HP's
renowned quality and reliability means
almost no sick days check big brains
it's got HP futuresmart firmware which
lets you upgrade your HP laserjet m551
adding new features and functionality
extending longevity and paying you back
over time check big impact printing
vivid color HP easy color image red 3600
and cover sphere toner work together to
create sharp images and crisp text for a
professional appearance can you say
check HP laserjet m551 is totally
flexible with options to fit your needs
options like networking duplex printing
extra paper trays and even an encrypted
hard drive and remember HP laserjet pay
you back with ecologically sensible
energy-saving features like auto on auto
off which can reduce energy use by
nineteen to sixty-six percent and
automatic two-sided printing which can
give you up to fifty percent paper
savings check the HP LaserJet Enterprise
500 color printer m551 the smarter
faster more efficient low maintenance
high return teammate you've been waiting
for you couldn't ask for a smarter
investment for your business what will
you get out of it
you